This is what we are doing. It is aspiration prayers that we all know. Aspiration prayers, we are
keeping our Buddhist practice, we are keeping ourselves on the path, path that we don't like to be
interrupted.
As we learned in the teaching, path is one after another elite path, all Bumis, one after another.
We don't like to be interrupted our path or no Bumis.
This path in Bumis, Bumis is a Sanskrit word which means "stages." Stages. The stages in Bumis'
path is not outside. It is all measured up our realizations, our inner developments.
So in the development, if we get enlightenment or Buddhahood within this lifetime of Dzogchen
practices, then that's wonderful. That's wonderful. We prefer all of them.
But somehow, we didn't prepare this. We like to continue to carry this kind of followed path step
by step in developing that.
And the two methods that show that happen is then having aspirations or doing the aspiration
prayers. That really will make right on the tracks.
So that's what we are doing. Each time we are doing this aspiration prayer, we call it the great
master.
But when we are taught here, we follow it. Besides, we do more aspiration prayers. Always we do. So
this is again, we go to now, to this.